I have received a gift from the lord.
I don't know. I don't remember doing anything.
I have received it.
I would be happy if you said so.
I knew it was a gift, but I was disappointed.
I have received it.
I think it is a shame if you don't give me a gift.
Here you are.
Are you a maid?
No.
Are you a beauty?
Why do you say that?
If you are a beauty and a maid, it is better not to be close to a beauty and a maid.
I have received it.
I used to think you were my beloved.
I think so too.
If you say so, it is a big mistake.
I don't think you are my beloved.
If you go to the temple, you will be a maid.
Why do you say that?
I have a reason to raise a person who is a maid.
I am a honest man.
I hate women who are not good at being maids.
I am a man of high spirits.
I can only do bad things.
But I have no time for that.
I am a man who is like a man.
I am a man who is a man.
I beg you.
Go to the temple.
Where is the temple?
It is in the inn.
You should go.
I don't want to be a man who is like a man.
Goodbye.
God, please save us.
If you marry me, I will curse you.
Even if you are a girl like ice,
or a snow,
I will not forgive you.
Go to the temple.
Goodbye.
I will not forgive you.
Go to the temple.
Goodbye.